SPEAKER_01:  Yeah, thank you very much. Thank you. Oh, wait a second. Is that OK? Oh, that's OK. I will do this. I will detach you from the cable. Set you free. There's a point where you can take it out easily.  Go for it, go for it, go for it. Okay, there's another one. It's faster, you see, even better. So how was the second part? Did you like the second part or the first part more?

SPEAKER_02: Yeah, I prefer this version of  Like I had the feeling that I had like a third eye that opened and then I can see myself like I prefer this vision, this angle, this point of view. And yeah, I think. Well, I didn't see any remarkable differences.  but this one that I just told you about the point of view. But yeah, I liked the experiment, I liked the meditation part. It was great, yeah.

SPEAKER_01: Great. Did you feel a little bit like threatened, like scary when you get out?

SPEAKER_02: Not scary, it was... It was surprising maybe? It was surprising at first, then I got used to it really quickly and I enjoyed it.

SPEAKER_01:  How was your feeling when you went out, when you went back to the physical?

SPEAKER_02: When I went back, I was feeling really heavy. Heavy? Yeah, really heavy. I was so much lighter when I was on top of me. The whole scene, I was feeling really heavy. The weight of my body was...

SPEAKER_01:  yeah exactly so the feeling like out of the body is still somehow has a feeling like lighter yeah yeah absolutely yeah when you go back you feel like okay you have to go back to the healthiest yeah like much more in this second phase that in the first one then it was not I went like it's a it's a moving platform yeah it's moving yeah I mean

SPEAKER_02:  I felt it, but not in the same way, not as highly as when I was out of my body.

SPEAKER_01: Yeah.

SPEAKER_02: I had a greater feeling.

SPEAKER_01: Okay, yeah. Because, like, you go to lift, you go up and go out, and the other one you go really go out. Exactly, yeah.

SPEAKER_02: But I was not... After the meditation, the touching part, like,  It was kind of hard for me to... I was feeling that it was my body, but I had the perfect vision of the delay. So it was not really convincing for me that it was not my body.  because of my awareness of the delay I was like sure it was my body and I was like even like it's knowing that I'm going to be touched in a place or that when I see it I'm actually getting touched for me it was kind of the same I was not like really disturbed by the fact that it was not touching me at the right places because I could just  Compute with the delay that I'm going to be touching. So I just felt it in this approximately same way.

SPEAKER_01: Yeah. Yeah. Well perfect. Perfect. This is Okay, great then we have Yes More questions  And you can sit here.

