SPEAKER_02:  But yeah, from my experience, it wasn't just like calmness and serenity. There's also a bit of instability and uncertainty. I thought some of the questions were very interesting, like some of the words you used, like torment, like not knowing what's going to happen, uncertainty, I could relate to some of those things as well. You mean the last question there? The one I just completed, some of the words that were used were interesting, but I could relate to them a lot.  I guess it's like a fear of your own bodily sensations and your thoughts and like a fear of being overwhelmed by them and that it's too much and that it's something you won't be able to handle.  Seeing as this is something I don't practice a lot, you know, so like really tapping into like my bodily sensations and in a non-judgmental way and not being scared of them and really embracing them is like quite unfamiliar to me. So I definitely had that sensation for sure.

SPEAKER_00: If I'm recording, do you want me to do it now? Go for it.

SPEAKER_01: Yeah, absolutely, that's fine.  Overwhelmed by your body sensation, just the fact that you were actually taking time to listen to the sensation?

SPEAKER_02: It was just the intensity. It was just very, very intense. And I think I was like judging the experience as well, you know? Yeah, exactly, like something may go out of control or something, you know? Or that the sensation may be too intense that I wouldn't be able to like seize it, you know?

SPEAKER_01:  yeah it's just like a very you know it's like I guess it's like almost like a fear that the experience is going to be very very intense you know  And this was due to the VR setup, the environment?

SPEAKER_02: Yeah, this was due to the instructions that were given, you know, where he said, like, one of the moments he was saying, like, you know, really feel your hands, you know. So obviously not that, like, I didn't, you know, get any sort of, like, bad feelings, but that's just an example of, like, a period where it can get intense, you know.

SPEAKER_01:  So it was more about the instruction than the setup itself, the VR?

SPEAKER_02: Oh no, that was very relaxing. It was just like the actual exercises I had to do.  I think it was more of that, yeah, it was just more sensations and being afraid that they're too intense, that they're too overwhelming, that I wouldn't be, that they could be too much for me and I wouldn't be able to come down to a baseline and find calmness, you know? Like this is something I never really do, so I guess that's why it's the case as well, you know?  Did you have the experience of mindfulness meditation before? Yes, I've done it a couple of times. It's not difficult, it's not hard for me to put it into practice and to be non-judgmental about it. I don't do it a lot.  Yeah, I have to say like in the experience like there was it was weird because it was like ups and downs there's periods where I was able to kind of like collect myself and kind of be calm again, but It would come and go but that wasn't That wasn't because of changes in my experience. So like what I saw and stuff because that was like more constant. It was always calm There was never there was never like anxiety that was prompted by what I saw or by what the guy said So like the variance was like because of me rather, you know Yeah

SPEAKER_00:  In the first part where you close your eyes, could you feel relaxed during that part?

SPEAKER_02: So this is when I saw the guy doing the whole thing?

SPEAKER_00: No, this is the part where you close your eyes and you're...  The forest.

SPEAKER_01: Yeah, what about it?

SPEAKER_00: Could you relax yourself and focus on the body scanning?

SPEAKER_02: Yeah, for me it was easier to relax when I was looking at the forest. And when I closed my eyes it became harder. I think that's maybe why sometimes it was less enjoyable, sometimes it was just not very enjoyable. I think it's when I closed my eyes because I didn't have a reference. For me the reference wasn't that, it was more nature.  yeah yeah I definitely feel like you know nature was that was like allowing me to stay more calm you know and yeah be less scared of it when I close my eyes I got much scarier well I mean it wasn't scary before but when I close my eyes yeah I guess there was more of a feeling of not being able to control and that sort of stuff you know yeah what about this experience of being out

SPEAKER_01:  Yeah, no, it did change something to the experience it was more

SPEAKER_02:  That it was just very interesting and almost empowering to see myself in that state But it didn't change anything else in the experience, it changed more like my perception of self And being able to see myself in a state like that, that's a state that I can achieve But I didn't have a feeling of outer body experience or anything like that But it did contribute to a sense of calm  I guess control is the wrong word, because that's not what mindfulness is about. But it allowed me to, yeah, I guess to be less scared of the experience and sit more upright and not close myself off to certain sensations or thoughts that I had, for sure.

SPEAKER_00: And during the part when you observe your thoughts, could you follow?  Not really. Not really, huh? So you're probably thinking of something else.

SPEAKER_02: Yeah, I'm just thinking of a bunch of stuff. So it can either be one topic where I'm thinking of a lot of things or just jumping back and forth between topics. For me, I had a much easier time  Applying mindfulness to my bodily sensations that I did to like my cognition that was something that was I didn't notice like a massive difference from start to beginning in like my flexibility cognitively, you know with like just letting thoughts pass as opposed to Getting stuck with them and judging them I didn't notice a big change there, but I noticed that I you know that it was I noticed more changes In the body, you know And that there was a gradual relaxation in the body.

SPEAKER_00: Mm-hmm  So, yeah, thank you, Will. I appreciate that you like it. Yeah, I'm good to go. Yeah, just take a couple of minutes to rest.

SPEAKER_02: I can go right now, unless you guys want me to take the break. That's fine. So we have the same lanes of the opposition? Yeah.

