SPEAKER_01:  uh, your body and the virtual visualization of your body.

SPEAKER_00: Do you have a feeling that you were separated with the body?

SPEAKER_01: Not at 100%, but somewhat, yes.

SPEAKER_00: Somewhat, you feel like, OK, your body, the body in front of you is yourself, and then you somehow feel separated. Yeah. How was the feeling? Did you feel, like, any, like, discomfort? Or you feel, like, more pleasant?

SPEAKER_01:  It's more, let's say, weirdness.

SPEAKER_00: Weirdness.

SPEAKER_01: It was not discophonic at all. And it was not pleasant that much. So it was like weird to see that.

SPEAKER_00: It's like kind of... Weird means a little bit confused or is it more like excited? More confused.  Okay, and during the first two parts, could you follow this time better than the last time in the first section? Yes. So you could follow the body scanning part with the eyes closed, how did you feel? Could you do everything he asked you to do?

SPEAKER_01:  Uh, yeah. At the beginning, yes. But not after seeing the body, like, moving in front of me.

SPEAKER_00: But just before, yeah. But before, when he asked you to observe the thoughts, you able to do it? Or you have some mind wandering, like you have some thinking, OK, so you could concentrate on what he's saying. Yes. And after moving out of the body, what happened?

SPEAKER_01:  It was like a kind of disconnection. I don't know. It was like a weird sensation. I don't know how to describe it. It was just like... It's the first time you feel that. I don't know.

SPEAKER_00: It's kind of like separation sometimes. Yeah. Separation is maybe the word. Yeah, exactly.  In the first part I mean in the first part you didn't you feel anything weird like that no  But only the platform moving, so it's not really any feeling like in the second part, right? The second part where you separate your body. Yeah, exactly. So it's like the condition that we let you see your body have some effect. Yeah, definitely. So thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.

